<!-- Java script is a client side scripting language .Used to add logic to webpage.Ex: By clicking the button the form gets submitted.
It is used to make web pages alive.To change content in your web page without reload ie dynamically.
It is used to programmatically perform actions within the page.
It was initially called "Live Script".
But java was very popular at that time ,so it was decided that positioning a language as a "Younger brother" of Java would help.
To send data to the server .

AJAX : Asynchronous Javascript And XML :
    A evil website can make a xml http request(AJAX Request)  and ask data about fb.com and asks it to send.Then the website cana read your fb msgs.
    Browser follows a "Same origin policy" acc to that fb declines that request and the evil website gets a error.
    But if there is a agreement between the two websites that that is possible to get that data
    







DOM:Document Object Model- an object in JS.Your page will be available as DOM.
DOM has html,css,etc in it.DOM=Page

JS can execute not only in the  browser but also on the server
We will use JS as a client as well as server side language
JS haševolved greaatly as a language and is now used to perform wide variety of tasks



It is important to make sure that JS safe .It should have no malicious permissions .Browser ensures this
In Browser JS can :
1) Add new HTML and change existing existing html from DOM
2) React to events(Event is a action/response/keypress/mouse movement which a user performs  and that comes as a request to the browser) 
3)AJAX requests
4) Get and set cookies and use local storage

In Browser JS cant :
1) Read/write to and from computer hard disk
2) yoursite.com with the help of JS can access all the websites which are permitted . But cannot access your computer.


What makes JS unique :
1) Integration  of HTML and CSS 
2) Simple API (Application Program Interface)
3) Major modern browser support . ie enabled by default


JS Versions :
1) Maintened by community ie standardised
2)ECMA (ES) is a standard of scripting.It pushes new updates to JS JS keeps updating and new ECMA versions keeps getting released
3)First version of ECMA at 1997.
4)





-->